Update rpc client header (#9276)
tendermint/tendermint: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

### IMPROVEMENTS

> [abci/rpc] \#9276 `header` and `header_by_hash` queries to the RPC client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[rpc] \#9276 Add `header` and `header_by_hash` queries to the RPC layer
```

### IMPROVEMENTS

> - [rpc] \#9276 `header` and `header_by_hash` queries to the RPC client

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [rpc] \#9276 Added `header` and `header_by_hash` queries to the RPC client
```

- [abci] \#5706 Added `AbciVersion` to `RequestInfo` allowing applications to check ABCI version when connecting to Tendermint. (@marbar3778)

[rpc] \#9276 `header` and `header_by_hash` queries to the RPC client

> 

Reviewer 2: Is this supposed to be here?
